hey guys welcome to my guitar show today
we have a very nice toy on our show we
have got a tie for peppa friends and
those who load wrinkles we have got the
fire engine but this is Peppa pig's
muddy puddle file Angie and whilst we
have bodies we have got one fire officer
and the wonderful thing is our fire
official is pepper herself so that is
unbox destroy and these are the other
dogs from pepper series we already have
the episode of treehouse and the muddy
puddle car so you can watch this videos
on our channel mega Toy Show this is the
whole toy collection toy world of the
purple so there are many episodes of for
fire engines
let me open up this box and see what fun
we can have with this truck so I think
this joy can be gifted to a boy as well
as go because boys usually love rickles
and the girls know pepper about Peppa
pig's muddy puddle fire truck is out of
me box but this is the sub inside a box
and we need to open the schools to get
this truck out the clip is open now and
this is our truck is flattened out
okay so starting with the fire official
ever so she is dressed in the yellow
color shoot we can remove how chat first
let us see possible figure we can bend
her legs wide open half hands let us
place our head
this is half cap it has got two holes
for the year so we can fix this way
Wow it's the perfect fire officer and
let us look at the videos of our Father
this is the red fiber it is a muddy
puddle job so we all got the mud marks
on the top and on the side as well as on
the front and the side also and these
are all the things that are there on
fire truck fire extinguisher and the
packet and the wheel to open up the
water from this these are some of the
things and very volatile is this letter
that we'll need to climb to any of the
house where there is a fire so these are
the headlights mirror you got this siren
because whenever there is emergency ad
hoc remain denied
we get all done of this shows there is a
tape over there
so this is the space got the steering
over here soon so let's move our fireman
sit in the space close to do it was how
it looks from the front there is another
seat so what we will do is we'll make a
George sit inside or that we want to
open up this tool and make a charge
inside the charge is not included in
this playset
but I was just taken in for the fun then
we can have and so this toy can be run
without the doctor there was one episode
in Peppa series where tato is there on
the TV show the five engine is called to
take down that Trotter eyes so this is a
wonderful toy very good classic means
good enough strong
I smell cute fire engine and the fire of
yourself pepper is there I hope you guys
would have enjoyed this video
Peppa pig's muddy puddle fire raging
thank you guys for watching my garage
show and subscribe my channel bye